this video is brought to you by
Squarespace hello everyone and welcome
to gays Behaving Badly the YouTube show
where we pretend George Santos doesn't
exist because that's the only way we can
get through the day my name is James I'm
Nick
yeah
I was a teenager teenagers you hate your
voice crack now when you get older it's
like ah I'm young again
uh in today's episode video whatever the
hell we call these things uh we're going
to be talking about how
Pride
kind of sucks
yeah I wanna I wanted to talk about like
more of the consequences the unspoken
consequences of Pride being corporate
Pride going mainstream yeah because like
I liked when people didn't like us
we seem to like each other more when
people didn't like us
yeah the gays got along more when we had
an enemy so like just not necessarily
talk about the history because that is a
big long discussion there will be a
documentary coming from tell us yeah
it's funny because we wanted to make it
a video and everyone wanted it to be a
video and then we I tried writing it for
Pride last year or the year before and I
looked I got like two paragraphs saying
like I like knock knock James
um this is big and it is it does have a
title it's called Pride for sale and it
will be coming from Telos pictures
uh eventually eventually eventually uh
but before we get into the meat of the
video
I would like to thank this video's
sponsor which is Squarespace this video
is brought to you by Squarespace
building a site with Squarespace is a
great way to build your brand and reach
a wider audience whether you're a visual
artist photographer writer a video
producer or work in any other creative
field it's vital to have a site that you
can use to help build your brand on your
own terms Nick and I have had a presence
on social media for a while now and
obviously this channel but with certain
sites looking like they're going to go
the way of the dodo we thought it about
time to make our presence felt away from
the Bird app using squarespace's
incredibly intuitive and easy to use
tools we've built the James Summerton
YouTube Channel website featuring a Blog
where Nick and I write about topics that
probably wouldn't make for a full video
like the movie The Menu the show
succession and my rediscovery of anime
as well as a special section where you
can read preview chapters of my upcoming
novel and check out Nick's full first
novel gentlemen's club and best of all
by using squarespace's video hosting
feature we're even able to give you
access to videos that YouTube made us
remove
you can head to squarespace.com right
now for a free trial and when you're
ready to launch your site go to
squarespace.com James S that's
j-a-m-e-s-s to save 10 off your first
purchase of a website or domain start
showing the world how amazing you are
today with Squarespace thank you
Squarespace for being a wonderful
sponsor who's been sponsoring a bunch of
videos lately and I hope you continue to
sponsor lots of videos in the future
um so let's get into the video proper
now uh segment one
um
let's talk about Pride let's talk about
Pride well pride is a sin it's a sin
it's also an incredibly weird it's not
one of those like really harsh bad sins
it's the the one of the seven deadly
apex of the seven deadly sins yes it's
the bad one yeah and you can see that
element of judeo-christ there's a whole
discussion about like Niche and uh
ethics on morality and how he feels
about pride and the devaluing of Pride
um and whether that's good or bad and
whether that's good or bad depending on
which edit you're reading of him because
some of his Works were edited wonder
what Ein Rand would feel about Pride
I bet she would love Gay Pride Ein Rand
was very heavily inspired by Nietzsche
but
it also might have been the version of
Nietzsche that was doctored to make him
more palatable to the Nazi party so his
sister could gain favor with them
after he died
yes and I'm not saying anything nice
about irand no
um because we're not going to say
anything nice about Pride either
I think Ein Rand would be a fan of
Nietzsche and philosophy students like
correct me if I'm wrong but I can almost
guarantee you Nietzsche would have
nothing but condemned frying around
not for the reasons you think though
um he would have thought she was a
pitiful Pretender I mean very much yeah
anyway this is an Iran podcast episode
we'll talk about it
eventually we will we will talk about
her but for now can we replace the the
10 000 patreon goal with from one piece
to Ein Rand maybe it's 7 500 patrons we
will do a feature-length documentary
about Iran because one piece has a lot
to do with like you know like greed and
corporatism and militarism like we could
incorporate Iran into that properly the
randian-ness of One Piece ten thousand
patrons you'll get it
okay all right so talk about Pride let's
talk about Pride so first of all first
of all for everyone who's listening the
little baby gays who don't know anything
about queer history watch more videos on
the channel you'll know but Pride as it
was originally conceived was not you
know the happy-go-lucky parade that you
bring your kids to in their strollers
and you know people Bop around with
rainbow balloons it was a protest
movement uh
starter people even say it was a riot
but that's it certainly started as one
that's if you're taking consideration
Stonewall the original PR
p-r-i-d-e movement which is personal
rights and Defense Education
um which occurred a few which was
disbanded a few months before the
Stonewall riots actually yeah right at
the end of 68 it stopped uh they not on
its own uh provocative group of Rights
advocators and they were very
confrontational it was they did not
start any riots but they certainly did
protest yeah
um and the re-emergence of the pride
movement that we that began the modern
movement today it's the second Pride
movement I will say that very much was
born out of the riots that came out of
the Stonewall uh The Stonewall rests the
modern Pride movement yeah definitely
grew at a Stonewall
um and one could earn so it's a
fascinating history and the gay rights
in the late 60s and early 70s absolutely
fascinating yeah because it's it's you
would think that it's really like the
Gaze versus The Straits it's like no
it's actually the gays versus the other
other case that's that was the war going
on in the late 60s early 70s uh and
continued honestly to go on for a very
long time until this day probably it
started to swing in terms of the the
gays that were reverse reversing the
other gays probably that died off you
know probably with the 80s probably yeah
I think I think AIDS kind of you know
kicked everyone into I'm trying to
explain some people just how much Game
Changer AIDS was looking at gay history
before for the 80s and then after but
you know
pride pride
so the question I want to ask is how can
Pride still be a protest because
how can practice be a protest when we ha
when pride has corporate sponsors and
like we have corporate sponsors and we
are very much we protest a lot yeah um
but I so I would say it's not how how
can Pride be a protest when it's
financed by Banks yeah when you go to a
pride parade in Canada it is TD Bank
everywhere when you go to the US it's
ameribank everywhere really yeah okay
yeah yeah I wonder it was it's not about
like corporates it's about when I say
corporate I I mean the hegemony I mean
the big money the the elements that are
kind of like pulling the oligarchy
oligarchic strings of our not just
America but our Western World yeah like
this isn't you know the art our sponsors
who are you know relatively smaller
these are like the big Tech big Banks
um we're not being sponsored by like
Elon musk's yeah stuff like this this is
elements of money that are small Nations
unto themselves oh yeah uh Apple has
more money than most countries yes
um so like
if Pride needs to be a protest how can
it protest when the culture itself is
sponsoring him like the the hegemonistic
determining factors of our culture which
are these financial institutions because
in our late stage in our mid to late
stage of capitalism that we're in that's
kind of how culture functions yeah and
it's it's it's it's it's something that
you know I I worked in marketing for a
very long time and we talked about you
know every every June okay how do we
appeal to the lgbtq community and even
back in business school we took courses
and about different marketing histories
and stuff like that and one of them was
specifically in the 1990s
the sort of the Power Players of
corporate America specifically Corporate
America
really realized that
gay and lesbian gays and lesbians
especially couples uh who at the time
were very very unlikely to have children
but they had dual incomes and on average
made more money than strike couples
um because gays and lesbians tended to
go into higher income Fields because
there was a a big kind of
um I must be better than my Straight
siblings kind of thing
um and so I still kind of have that
don't worry I don't the bar is not that
hot
but
um so you know gays and lesbians had a
lot of money and nobody was appealing to
them and so a lot of people think that
um you know companies started to Market
towards gay people to
to be inclusive
um
that they would start putting gay people
in their advertisements in their
commercials and stuff like that that
Disney started doing gay days at
Disneyland to you know say we are
inclusive of the the L's and the G's but
it was that's not how it worked so it
was specifically we were marketed
two we were not appealed to I we were
marketing I would do you one Higher and
say that the problem is that not that
the marketing was directed at the gays
it's that the gays were used as a
marketing tool to make this Corporation
seem palatable to left-leaning interests
and to the gays because they wanted to
Gay's money because it wasn't it wasn't
saying like look at us look how
inclusive we are it was and like this is
actual history they weren't saying this
is how inclusive we are they were saying
look there's two men sitting on a couch
in our commercial don't you want to buy
our insurance don't you want to come to
Disneyland and it was that kind of thing
because gays and lesbians had lots of
money so if we're being oh sorry if
we're being used in this element of the
culture and being used as this kind of
you know tool to make this company this
Corporation seem palatable
um
we're being brought in to the very
culture that Pride originally protested
against
yeah so going into our next segment
because Pride was originally very much
pushing back against the Strait of
Gemini and the CIS had hegemony kind of
saying like we don't need to fit into
your boxes but you know in the early 90s
the the gays that because not all gays
and lesbians had a lot of money no but
the ones that did had a lot they they
had a lot and they played the game they
played the corporate game they worked in
the corporate offices you know they were
doctors and lawyers and business people
and CEO not so much CEOs but you know
they had they had money
um and they had that because they were
already existing within a conservative
frame of mind because you know at least
that fiscal conservative where it's like
I want low taxes but I want to feel like
a good person and not not just that but
kind of like you know the the ones the
gays that wouldn't set off your gaydar
kind of thing the ones who passed yeah
but you know we we're getting a lot
about you know Fringe elements of queer
Society who are being pressured to pass
yeah and so it was that kind of gay and
they were the ones being appealed to and
that is when gay pride started to become
very mainstream and the parades started
to become a thing that was on The Daily
News that wasn't like look at the freaks
it was more like look at the happy
people look how much they want to get
married and that started in the 90s and
it was because Corporate America decided
there's money over there in them Hills
and we're not getting any of it yet so
the question is like
if as we are being brought into the
culture and being used as an element of
the culture if the culture is still
oppressing Us in some way how do we make
pride of protests when pride is part of
the hegemonistic culture well yeah how
do you protest the culture when the
culture sponsors you specifically the
question we need to ask before that is
is there anything worth protesting right
now
is there anything worth protesting I
don't know stay tuned
and we're back from an advertisement
from probably Corporate America
um let us know if it's Christian Ringle
oh some oh some of the ones man I love
hearing about throwing these videos
they're sometimes they're hilarious
um but yeah what like it is it worth PR
is it worth the L's the G's the B's the
t's The Q's is it worth flipping the
pride table once again to say like no we
deserve stuff yeah like yeah a party we
um party's great when you celebrate the
things that you're winning but we're
losing an awful lot right now worth you
know sitting John Kent down and letting
him know that no Pride does still need
to not be a party John Kent yeah
Superman's son oh the one who in the
last uh Pride as you for DC kind of said
I know that Pride was a protest at one
point but now it's just a party it's
like little baby queer sit down right
down you're literally a Superman a white
Superman who lives in the penthouse in
an analogy for you know New York City
New York City like sit down yeah sit
your ass down boy but yeah so what is
worth protesting now and a couple of
years ago I would have said not much my
biggest point was employment
non-discrimination employee that was my
big one I still think we should have
fought for employment non-discrimination
before marriage lots of people disagree
with me and that's perfect and that's
not saying that marriage isn't important
but in terms of priorities like I feel
like employment on discrimination needs
to be Paramount you you need your bottom
line because in the America that exists
today in certain States you can get
married on Friday and then uh fired on
Monday for getting Gary gay married
um
so a couple of years ago I would have
said you know not much except that and
you know move out of those States but
now it doesn't seem to matter where you
live unless you live in California or
New York State somebody is coming for
you yeah I feel it's like a genie out of
the bottle situation where when people
discovered that hating specifically
trans people and now also non-binary
people was an option that oh I have
someone to hate awesome like well yeah
because it kind of was like they lost
the war for gay marriage and they were
like [ __ ] and then it became well we
gotta hate somebody yeah and then the
trans bathroom issue became a thing
which never should have been an issue to
begin with it never had been a thing
historically it's a it's a it's a it's
spoken mirrors and it's it's brilliant I
if I can find the clip I'll put it in
um a young trans man uh went to a a town
hall with a conservative Governor I
think uh Republican governor and said
look at me
I am a transgender man do you really
think that the girls in my high school
would feel comfortable sharing a
restroom with me and the governor just
swam around in circles to not answer
that question yes because it's like yeah
do you want him in the bathroom with
your daughter because they here's the
thing here's here's one of the things
that drives me nuts is the trans male
Erasure that happens with it they never
think of the men that you're putting
into the women's bathroom they're always
thinking about the trans women being in
women's bathrooms and it's like
there's this is a two-way street
and I know you're uncomfortable with
this get over it yeah
um you're gonna be a whole lot more
uncomfortable with some of the trans
guys I know or a hell of a lot more
Butch than most of the straight guys
like immediately after like straight
guys the bathroom debate after the
bathroom debate started becoming a thing
um immediately within like two weeks
there were CIS girls being beat up and
went from from being because they were a
bunch because they were bought they're
taught they were tomboys yeah
um just everything around this gender
debate is completely out of proportion
the trans people amount to about one
percent of the population if that yeah
it is not enough percent of the
population for anyone to get their
knickers and not about and that's the
thing that's the thing that's the thing
that conservatives and
Republicans because some conservatives
are not bad on this I'm not trying to
say like like because there aren't many
of them it's not important I'm saying
the opposite is like because there
aren't a whole lot of Trends and
genderness we should care about what
they do um but the thing is is that uh
Arch conservatives will say they are
really good at finding a section of the
population that's very tiny that really
does not impact the rest of the
population whatsoever but they're
different enough to stand out yeah and
so even though they're this
tiny little group you can make them seem
massive
and you know like in the UK it happens
it's been happening all the time where
they've been saying well there's you
know eight thousand percent more trans
people now than there was ten years ago
and it's like yeah that means there's
like 800 more trans people than there
were 10 years ago calm down like most
trans people in the past did not
officially publicly or whatever
transition well there was no legal yeah
they did it without a doctor they diy'd
it a lot of people got hurt because they
were diying it which fed into statistics
about oh hormones destroy your body it's
like yes because they couldn't get legal
access to in order to stem dysphoria I
think that was that was dealt with on
pose like people having to use illegal
hormones and do illegal feminization
surgery and stuff like that like yeah
when that happens it's scary like let's
make that not happen it's like backroom
abortions like Barbara from the suburbs
will do anything to make her tits left
half an inch but like
they really should understand why
someone who has the wrong body and the
links they will go
away go to
to feel comfortable in their own body
um and yes
why is it so goddamn okay for CIS people
to go and have all the the tit lifts and
the butt lifts and the liposuction and
the dick extensions and the the I saw I
saw a man who had his like
face additions like the late full-on
Lady Gaga Born This Way era like you
know
um augmentations like on like like kind
of piping within his arm to kind of make
him look alien like his eyes were dot he
had tattoos in his eyes to make him look
dark his tongue was split bottom lip
kind of like split and bottom there and
he was discussing uh a way to get uh his
penis split into so we could have a Hemi
penis to be more freakish
doctors sign off on that I guess but
meanwhile you know people want to look
people wanna you know ubu yeah body
augmentation surgery I want ubu I am a
tried and true monster I'm kind of into
that so like so many beeping I'm gonna
have to do in this episode have you been
beeping that much I don't think so well
[Music]
um
the night is young yeah
so it's probably not acceptable that man
probably faces a lot of kind of weird
looks oh it must be a horrible time for
him at the same time there is which is a
horrible you know about society that we
would just look at someone and say no I
mean with the procedures he's getting he
probably has a money money as it is yeah
cause any that [ __ ] ain't cheap yeah so
on a level of he's not being broadcast
on CNN he's not being broadcast on Fox
News there are no one protesting his
existence like yeah there I mean yeah
there's a dichotomy there there is a
very weird dichotomy there
um Elon Musk has had more gender
confirming surgery than most uh trans
people
um how many times does he has his scalp
replaced uh I want to know where he
keeps getting new Scouts
how many Tesla employees are just
running around bald now because Elon
snatched their and weave at the assembly
line
so yeah
um
that's on the table in terms of just not
only the political persecution you know
there's because that's a thing but also
just the social persecution of that uh
we're also no now going through another
round of book Bannings and book burnings
that have a weird way of you know
they're targeted at you know you know I
don't even know what the justification
is anymore oh it's everything it's
everything it's oh the it's it like
because like it's like there's this this
book says that being black is okay so
we're gonna be in that yeah this book
says that maybe we should do reparations
for slavery so we're gonna ban that this
book says that immigration is okay if
you're not white we don't want that
around uh this book says it's okay to be
gay or lesbian or trans or non-binary
this book says
not even that but this book implies that
and it's like [ __ ] Mark Twain or
something sorry another beep another
beep
um this book was written by Margaret
Atwood so we're gonna throw this one out
like it's just and even then I saw like
some of the lists are like egregiously
misinterpreting what's the theme of
these books actually are yeah um in a
lot of cases it's like no this book is
isn't pushing an agenda this book is
just a book yeah
so that's fun to have like when it's
just burning books because they don't
align with like this weird Christian Pop
thing like and a lot of this I mean I
know drag queens are being banned like
yes yes and we're going to get to that
in a second sorry um
but the all of this seems to be
happening I mean it's happening all over
the US it's happening in England like
it's not it's not it's not restricted to
one area of the globe yeah but it's very
it seems to be radiating out of
America's dick that is Florida and
like Rhonda Sanchez is like I'm going to
become the Republican nominee by out
trumping Trump yeah and I I want to like
take him by the head and say Ron at
least Trump is a liar but at least when
he started running for president he said
that Caitlyn Jenner could use any
bathroom she wanted in any of his
buildings but you know that's how he
started his campaign but you know I want
to credit Beyonce and he completely went
and lied through his teeth but in her
current Tour all the bathrooms on
Beyonce tour this tour
um are gender neutral everyone good good
for her yeah I didn't know she was
touring
um well she this is the Renaissance tour
okay
but like it it so it's just like you're
trying to out Trump trump by being a
bigger [ __ ] and all that's really
accomplished is pissing off Disney yeah
you know what company you don't piss off
Disney they have lawyers that will come
for you and they will find you and like
18 pieces six months later honestly Iowa
different Disney characters stamped on
different parts of your body I would
know it'll be DreamWorks character to
hide their tracks
[Laughter]
I'd like to see a battle between Disney
and Apple I think honestly I think that
being an apple why why
wasn't he an apple against each other no
this is hypothetically because like they
are renowned for having like
complete savagery in their legal
practices oh yeah so like I think
lawyers honestly I think that would
start a corporate War well like like an
open guns a lot of Disney yeah because
because of Steve Jobs and Pixar and all
that stuff so that'd be that that would
be difficult but apple and Disney are
notoriously granted the UK owned a lot
of America that's true until they didn't
but you know apple and Disney are you
know woke companies they're also two of
the richest companies in the world
um the richest companies in the world
are whoa it's hilarious the broke uh go
go go go broke campaign and yet that you
know doesn't yeah all that equates to is
people buying products to smash uh but
we're gonna take another commercial
break and then we're gonna come back and
we're gonna talk about something else
that's growing out of Florida like a
growth on a
gross thing so yeah we'll be right back
and we're back but if you're a patron we
didn't really go anywhere
um so the the other thing that's kind of
grew out of Florida but has kind of it's
gone all over the US and England
is the groomer thing which has turned in
we know where the groomer language
started I I don't personally I'm I'm
sure that well of course like the thing
about grammar is that this was the exact
language that was used to describe Us in
the agent late 1800s and the 1970s 50s
1960s 1970s yeah it was always the gays
are coming for your kids and then it was
oh we can't go after the gays because
everyone has decided that the gays are
okay because the gay marriage Etc so
we're going after the trans people uh
we're going after them oh and we're
going after the non-binaries because
they're even weirder
go ahead
yeah so it was kind of then it started
they started seeing it work against
trans people and they were like ooh I
hadn't made that connection yet yeah
they said it wasn't until they started
it started working against trans people
and their group like specific language
they are grooming teenagers to become
trans so we need to increase their the
age in which you can legally transition
and then when that started and then they
were like oh this is working so then
they started going after drag queens
because that was you know it's kind of
like being trans to them in real life
it's not but to them it's basically
being trans
but then because so many gay men are
well not so so many drag queens are gay
men
it became oh well if it's drag queens
it's gay men too yeah and then everybody
started getting locked in and then you
know lapping in the lesbians because of
course which is exactly what we said
would happen yeah we said that and then
gays were like they're not coming
like we is in like trans people
non-binary people kind of looking at the
those systems with the brain the the
more privileged elements of the queer
Community typically the white gay and
lesbian people saying like this isn't
going to stop stop with calling us
groomers they are going to Loop you in
with this regardless and they were like
no if we just just distance ourselves
from you they will keep us that they
will you're saying that the privileged
one said yeah we just need to distance
yeah if we just distance ourselves when
you if we demonstrate that we're not
with you then we'll be safe so the
privileged gays and lesbians did say if
we just distance ourselves from trans
people and non-binary people and drag
queens they're not going to come for us
because they'll know that we're the good
ones the George Santos is of the world
he doesn't exist but what ended up
happening of course although he did do
drag what ended up happening of course
are pretty as a drag queen uh it doesn't
exist doesn't exist uh but of course
what ended up happening when trans
people and you know queer people with
any amount of brain matter yeah said no
no we've seen this brain matter
historical reference like this has
happened the poem first they came for
the the Communists to the unionists or
the I think it's I think it started with
bankers and then Communists and then
business owners well no it was first
they came for I think it was first they
came for the Jews and then they came for
the the union leaders and then they came
for the Communists and when it was only
me left there was no one left to fight
for me yeah yeah I can't remember it I'm
so sorry I can't remember the exact
quote but it was that all over again
only within the queer Community
something they had had their way there
would be no one left to fight the fight
now that they are coming for you know
the CIS gays and lesbians and this is
the thing because the thing is our trans
brothers and sisters and others siblings
siblings siblings are made of tougher
stuff than most of us and so they're
still around to fight the fight because
they're not giving up just because
they've been put through Hell by these
[ __ ] they've got a taste of
acceptance and I'm glad they did because
they know that trans people okay yeah
yeah yeah
um not the acceptance that they need to
be functional human beings on a larger
scale well they're functional human
beings but it's like not the acceptance
they need for yeah I'm using I'm sorry
I'm using very oh my thinker isn't
working
my finger's malfunctioning it's not the
um it's like the acceptance that they
need to get the kind of absolutely the
kind of self-actualization that we take
that a lot of the privileged elements of
society take for granted yeah and you
know so they trans people kind of it was
with uh the the trans Tipping Point
issue on variety I think it was
um I think it might have been variety or
The Hollywood Reporter
um or maybe it was
maybe it was Vanity Fair it doesn't
matter yeah it doesn't matter
um Laverne Cox was on the cover and she
was the first trans woman to be put on
the cover of a major magazine I thought
Caitlyn Jenner no no no no no no before
he does not get that credit okay
um do not take that away from Laverne
Cox no no yeah
um but I just I thought that was kind of
like a sad thing like oh it should have
been it should have been and it was this
it was this moment of
oh Trans people are actually you know
getting accepted now not just being
written off as Freaks and then you know
the arch conservatives Among Us saw that
and instead of looking at that magazine
and saying Laverne Cox seems like a
really nice lady they looked at it and
they were like this is a target yeah we
have a new Target because they unite
themselves through hatred they unite
themselves through having something to
hate and in a large part this and for
the longest time you may wonder and I
certainly did why these people are so
invested on needing someone to hate why
do we need to bully people into this
very rockwellian American rockwellian
even for British standards whatever the
British standards of rockwellian is or
the Europeans and it's Rockwell that
idea that there is a nice polite society
and a correct way of living and a
correct way of being and this is how
people should exist
um and badgering people into that box
why are we so obsessed with doing this
and it's because and who's driving this
yeah and it's because that sells yeah if
people are in these boxes then people
who sell them things know how to sell
them these things yes they know how to
tell them what they need to buy the
whole concept of keeping up with the
Joneses your next-door neighbors the
Joneses get a new dishwasher you want a
new dishwasher and that's the thing
that's going on and has been going on
with pride for a while is that you know
certain segments of the queer Community
are kind of like
not excommunicated but like oh we hope
they don't show up because they don't
fit in or specifically we're told not to
show up yeah but they're never told to
not show up by the banks no they're told
to show up by the queers oh who do you
think by the queers who you know they
don't the let's say Suburban queers and
you know they like that pride is being
financed by Banks because that means
they're being accepted you think for a
second that the banks don't have a
specific liaison to contact to contact
the organizers of Pride festivals I know
they do they have that on speed dial
that's on their favorite five okay like
I worked in marketing like I think they
have a family plan it's like no money
for calling like they have them locked
down
um and I I worked for a pride
organization and I saw the conflict that
went on with the people who honestly
wanted to make this an advocacy thing
and who didn't want to have Bank
advertising everywhere but it's like
what are those things sitting on the
ticket counter those are little money
boxes the little piggy bank things for
with the bank logo on them why are they
there it's like and it's like they're
not pays for everything they're not bad
people they're very smart people they
know exactly what's going on but they
have the pride organizers the banks The
Pride organizers they know exactly
what's happening yeah and being there I
saw some of them they really hated it
they really hated that they had to sell
their soul and in a poetic context in
order to get a little bit what they want
in order to have the funding they need
to put on the party to get enough money
to cover the costs in order to get their
their talking segments that nobody who
attended yeah
um to get their discussion about like
issues within the queer community and
get these out there and get talking
about them and push boundaries having
like speakers speakers come in who could
talk about being queer in a person of
color being here and disabled yes talk
about they had to give the banks what
they wanted in order to actually have
these important but because like but
because the Straits weren't showing up
for that the strikes were showing up for
you know Katya to come but there is we
love Katya but we love Katja there is so
much pressure for these festivals to
turn a buck yeah
um so that the sponsors can get their
you know funding back they must be
profitable it's not even that so the
sponsors can get their money back
because the sponsors that's that's
advertising oh yeah it's marketing it's
and it's it's cheap I don't know what
the actual figures are but I'm sure that
like in New York City it's more
expensive to have a pride in New York
but I I bet you for anything buying a a
float in a pride parade is cheap
probably the most efficient marketing
dollars you can spend I would not doubt
you uh having your logo on a on a coffee
cup is probably more expense because I
will this is one thing I've got to say
about the queer community
if you are a company and I don't know
exactly what the exact numbers are I did
not poke my thing my nose in any ledgers
but from hearing people talk about how I
know how much it was to do like certain
smaller cities in Canada and it was
cheap
um but that is one thing that I will say
about the queer Community when a company
when an organization gets the queers on
their side we are dedicated
the queers
will go every year on a Disney cruise
gays
are dedicated customers whether that is
to a brand or a Singer TV shows we we
don't stop until it goes away and the
gays have still not bought Russian vodka
again
boycotting Russian vodka before it was
cool we are dedicated consumers
and so they know okay if we're gonna
spend you know five thousand dollars on
this float in this pride parade and now
all this these hundred thousand people
who love the gays they now see us as
supporting gays we now have a hundred
thousand customers and it only cost them
five grand to do it that is pennies
compared to what it would be for like a
television advertisement in order to
cover the costs of Pride to put on the
festival that the sponsors Express
expect that the people expect to break
to Dragon drag queens from across the
world like if you're even in a small
town and you have your town is big
enough to have a pride festival you're
gonna have at least one girl from drag
race
really because they will find the money
to get that one girl from drag race you
might not have anything else you might
have a parade and one drag show and
that's all you get but you're getting a
drag race girl and because and you know
power to them like girls get the money
but
The Pride organizations look at it as we
need to bring in this person because
then you know if we have a drag race
Queen even if they got eliminated first
uh if we have her Miss vangie man vangie
um if we have her
people will come in and people will
spend money and if they're spending
money at our pride event more sponsors
will come in next year
and it'll just keep the ball rolling and
that is capitalism yeah and that is the
kind of the problem is that but how do
you disconnect Pride
the need for it to be how do you
disconnect the need for it to be a party
as per its corporate connections with
the fact that corporations don't want to
protest no they want a party yeah they
want to party because parties can make
money when you have a party you can set
up vodka stands you can set up drink
tables you can sell drink tickets you
can get people excited you can get you
can sell tickets you can't get people in
to talk people don't want to hear about
sad stuff I remember once there was a
trans woman who stole the stage at
Stonewall during a pride month and she
got booed off she started talking about
I remember that Brand's problems because
that was a pride year that it was just
not discussed and lo and behold the next
year was the year that bathroom that the
bathroom debate started happening yeah
um
you know there's a uh there's a there's
a tweet that kind of spurred me to want
to talk about this it was a uh James is
going to put it up but it says for pride
month this year can straight people
focus Less on Love Is Love and more on
queer and trans people are in danger
because it's true but we can't talk
about that because people don't spend
money when they're sad or concerned
people spend money when they're happy
they're not going to spend money to
finance a protest against anything
anything they're not going to spend
money to finance a protest against
anything anything at all so it can't be
a protest anymore Pride can't be a
protest because pride has become
corporatized and it's not that Pride
itself needs to turn a profit Pride
itself needs to make break even so that
it can exist next year yeah it needs the
sponsors and so Pride
as a party cannot coexist
cannot really exist as it should when
the queer community in any given country
where this Pride Celebration is
happening is under assault and you know
if you live in in San Francisco
you're probably like what assault we're
fine
if you have a house or an apartment
you're not living on the street but
because yeah and God for we talk about
queer homelessness oh but you know if
you live in a place that is very very
Progressive very open-minded toward
queer issues you might think that you
know
yay Pride Celebration
your pride celebration in Manhattan in
San Francisco in Seattle in Toronto in
Montreal they need to be protests just
as much as a pride festival that happens
in in Dayton Florida because like these
Urban centers represent some of the
largest voting bodies in in on this
continent well it's not even about
voting it's not about voting like in my
opinion it's not about voting it's about
messaging yeah you need to show that
okay it's not just the game because it's
not even showing you know Ron desantes
that people in New York hate him because
he doesn't give a damn about people in
New York it shows the public
no okay it shows people it shows the
trans teenager in Florida who has just
been told if your parents even take you
out of state so that you can go on
hormones you're going in the system and
your parents are going in jail yeah it
shows that that it shows that that
teenager that there are people all
across this country who give a [ __ ]
about you yeah they actually care about
you they are willing to give up their
party so that they can show you that you
matter okay yeah that means I like that
I hadn't thought about that my angle is
uh I do like that yeah
so my angle is that
the idea of a protest isn't to sort of
spread that kind of advocacy the idea of
a protest is to let the general people
know that you know
this group of people is suffering you
know you protest a show like hey this is
an injustice against me I need to let
people know this by making Pride a party
you're telling these kind of
left-leaning progressive loving set not
not necessarily Progressive but sort of
very centrists the left-leaning who want
to do good things but maybe you're a
little bit fiscally preservative the
Hillary Rodham the the you're
reinforcing the idea to them these you
know like I said the largest voter
blocks in America are in urban centers
those are where most of the voters come
from those are the where most of the
voting people come from and they usually
lean towards them but America's voting
is so messed up that 20 like 100 million
people in California there's not 100 the
idea in California but 100 million
people in California could vote against
the Republicans but then they could
still win most of the population lives
in urban centers so that's where you're
going to get the largest sort of message
to and these Urban centers are more the
thing is though like the the the the the
kid the the queer kid in you know Idaho
with the the homophobic or transphobic
parents
can't afford to move to San Francisco
I'm not saying that I'm saying that by
presenting the idea of a protest to
these people to these straight people in
these Urban centers is going to remind
them that it's not all you know roses
and sunshine for the queer Community
yeah whereas literally it's not all
right yes which is going to in not all
rainbows is a good idea for like a
non-fiction book like a book of message
or something I've always bet the
non-fiction writing we'll reinforce the
idea that it's not all all roses not all
rainbows and sort of influence them to
make decisions in the legislation they
want to see their representatives push
onto into their politics yeah which will
be less targeted towards trans people
which will force some sort of
nationalistic sort of Standards like
that's my kind of thought process but
like a bigger picture
um and absolutely you're right that kind
of reinforces reinforcing these messages
of solidarity is super important for
individuals but in terms of like
actually changing minds and developing
the kind of change we want to see in
order to happen to get these protections
I think it's absolutely important to
continue demonstrating elements of
protest at a Centrist population that is
comfortable with the idea of I want to
support queer people I don't see
suffering queer people I don't know how
queer people are suffering therefore I
think everything's fine and I have those
people in my life who have had to
explain like no there is so like we need
these kind of so what you're saying I
think we're very much in agreement oh
yeah absolutely let's do two different
angles but we're yeah absolutely we need
the New York news Market to cover you
know the pride parade because then the
whole country sees it yeah there needs
to be an urban interest in these things
rather than a Centrist dismissal that
everything's fine because my pride
festival is a party and those gays look
pretty happy yeah like like the average
those those ripped gay boys are having a
great time everything must be fine those
Georges and marthas need to be aware
that things aren't all okay and they
need to be aware of the severity to
which things aren't all okay even if
things are okay in their neighborhood
yeah and and that's because the gays
that live in their neighborhood is are
probably doing fine yes absolutely but
you know drive an hour away and I bet
you can find a whole lot of queer people
who are not doing it conversion therapy
is still legal in a lot of States as far
as I'm aware yes
and specifically in the UK they wanted
to bet they put they did not pass a ban
on conversion therapy a national UK ban
on conversion therapy because the
lawmakers refused to make an exception
to include trans people yeah that they
refused to say no you can't you can't
conversion therapy anyone and uh
opponents were like uh no it needs to
say you can't you can you can conversion
therapy trans people yeah but and and
they were that refused to get added so
the band just got thrown out and there's
and there's people who would consider
themselves very Progressive people who
you know are very much in favor of gay
marriage of gay you know gays having
kids you know gay books in schools all
that kind of stuff but then they hear
about like oh this 16 year old is trans
and they're like oh and it makes them
uncomfortable and I I don't think it
comes from a place of malice I think
it's no it's it's ignorance yeah
ignorance and so we need to educate them
but at the same time it's like
that's that's what this whole channel is
about because I hate the idea of trans
people feeling like they need to educate
the ignorant yeah and like I I am a
white cisgender
gay but passing for straight most times
person passing frustration until you
talk about musical theater
or Sex in the City
[Laughter]
and so you know when I make videos
talking about trans rights and the
rights of non-binary and genderqueer
people that's why I do it because I'm
like you know I'm not the best messenger
but the thing about that is
um yes there are some things that people
need to advocate for themselves and I
don't like advocating for everything
that anything that I haven't seen
someone strongly advocate for in a
context of many people sort of chiming
in on this
um and I always sort of lean towards
inclusion or even if it's you know
something I'm not familiar on it's like
let's include people because there's no
harm including people there's never any
harm include including people
um
so but even then one of the most
significant things a transfer never said
to me is that it's really important that
someone who isn't trans can see me
that I that I feel seen by someone who
isn't trans that it's not just a matter
of like visibility in the trans
Community stays in the trans Community
like I you know I I he turned my opinion
on that I think it's important that
people from outside of certain
communities acknowledge and respect that
these communities exist and they have
their own cultures and their own
absolutely but I don't what I'm sort of
saying is I don't think oh yeah I'm
agreeing with you absolutely oh yeah
yeah
um just to clarify I don't think trans
people should be required to educate CIS
people it's exhausting being like yeah
like trans people should be allowed to
just exist and you know and if you don't
want to explain sort of trans queer
theory that that's on you if you want to
by all means but you shouldn't be called
to do that yeah you shouldn't be forced
to yeah but that's that's not what we're
talking about how Pride
was
a riot and now it thinks it's a party
there needs to be something to draw the
people's attention to the matter at hand
of the matter at hand is that we are
still in danger yes that everyone in the
queer Community whether they are gay or
lesbian or bisexual or trans or
non-binary or pansexual or genderqueer
we are all in danger
because
whether you know it or not no matter how
much privilege you have no matter the
high mountain that you think you live on
with your you know your your gated
community and you think the world can't
come and get you and you see people on
the news saying you know
these trans people have been murdered or
there's a new bill Banning trans kids
from existing and you think well that's
not me
you need to add on to that
yet